[Fix #526] Document and give example of JSON in data (#582)
apache/incubator-kie-kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/core/understanding-jq-expressions.adoc

The workflow expressions in the link:{spec_doc_url}#workflow-expressions[Serverless Workflow specification] are used to interact with the data model. The supported expression languages include link:{jsonpath_url}[JsonPath] and link:{jq_url}[jq]. jq expression language is the default language. However, you can change the expression language to JsonPath using the `expressionLang` property. 

> This document describes the usage of jq expressions in funtions, switch state conditions, action function arguments, data filtering and event publishing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the usage of jq expressions in functions, switch state conditions, action function arguments, data filtering, and event publishing. 
```

JQ expression might be tricky to master, for non trivial cases, it is recommended to use helper tools like link:{jq_play}[JQ Play] to validate the expression before including it in the workflow file. 

[[ref-example-jq-expression-function]]
== Example  of jq expression in functions

> Expressions can be used in functions of type `expression` to manipulate the workflow model. As any other function the result of the expression evaluation will be merged into the model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expressions can be used in functions of type `expression` to manipulate the workflow model. As with any other function, the result of the expression evaluation will be merged into the model
```

> Expressions can be used in functions of type `expression` to manipulate the workflow model. As with any other function, the result of the expression evaluation will be merged into the model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Expressions can be used in functions of type `expression` to manipulate the workflow model. As with any other function, the result of the expression evaluation will be merged into the model.
```

----

The previous example of the event filter copies the content of CloudEvent data `result` field into the workflow model `move` field.

[[ref-example-jq-expression-event-publishing]]
== Example of jq expressions in event publishing. 

> When publishing a Cloud Event, you can select the data that is being published using a jq expression that generates a json object. Note that in yaml double quotes are required to allow using `{}` characters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When publishing a Cloud Event, you can select the data that is being published using a jq expression that generates a JSON object. Note that in yaml double quotes are required to allow using `{}` characters. 
```

.Example data expression returning an object
[source,yaml]
----
transition:
      nextState: WaitForSaveTransformationCompletionEvent
      produceEvents:
        - eventRef: saveTransformationEvent
          data: "{gitRepo:.repositoryURL|sub(\"http(s)?://\";\"ssh://\"), branch: .targetBranch, token: .token, workspaceId: .workspaceId, projectId: .projectId, transformId: .transformId, workflowCallerId: $WORKFLOW.instanceId}" 
----

> In previous example, a Cloud Event is published when the state transitioned. Its `data` field looks like 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous example, a CloudEvent was published when the state transitioned. Its `data` field looks like 
```

}
----

> `$SECRET` always return a value of type string. If you want to use it into a comparison with a value that is not a string, you need to perform the conversion explicitly. In next example, `retries` property is a number, so we need to convert the property value accordingly by calling `tonumber` builtin jq function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$SECRET` always returns a value of type string. If you want to use it in a comparison with a value that is not a string, you need to perform the conversion explicitly. In the next example, the `retries` property is a number, so we need to convert the property value accordingly by calling the `tonumber` built-in jq function. 
```

> `$SECRET` always returns a value of type string. If you want to use it in a comparison with a value that is not a string, you need to perform the conversion explicitly. In the next example, the `retries` property is a number, so we need to convert the property value accordingly by calling the `tonumber` built-in jq function. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`$SECRET` always returns a value of type string. If you want to use it in a comparison with a value that is not a string, you must perform the conversion explicitly. In the next example, the `retries` property is a number, so we need to convert the property value accordingly by calling the `tonumber` built-in jq function. 
```
